>> SEAN STONE: To the
fifth dimension and beyond.
Let's enter the "Buzzsaw."
[THEME MUSIC]
>> SEAN: Welcome to "Buzzsaw"
where we cut through
the mainstream narrative to
explore the twilight zones
of reality.
I'm your host, Sean
Stone, and with me today
is Dr. Bruce Goldberg who is a
world-renowned hypnotherapist,
who has conducted more
than 35,000 past life
regressions and future
life progressions,
as well as an award-winning
author of 21 books.
His book "Exploring
the Fifth Dimension"
teaches us how we can empower
ourselves in our present
and future lives.
So Dr. Goldberg,
I want to ask you,
what inspired you to
give up your practice--
you were a dentist--
and to get into this whole
realm of hypnotherapy?
>> BRUCE GOLDBERG: Well, I had
a very interesting experience.
I was using hypnosis for dental
apprehension and pain control.
And then I decided
to investigate
going into past lives.
I had read the book "The
Search for Bridey Murphy"
about a Colorado case of
a documented past life
regression back in the '50s.
And the very first person I
worked with was a woman I knew.
I didn't know her very well.
I took her into about
nine different lives,
and she overcame two
habits and a phobia
that I wasn't even
trying to work with.
And as a clinician,
that very much
got me into the idea of
doing this full time.
So you might say, now I drill
into the past and future.
>> BOTH: [CHUCKLING]
>> SEAN: Ha.
Nice pun.
OK.
So, were you a spiritual person
before you got into this?
>> GOLDBERG: Actually,
I wouldn't say so.
I was more of a clinician.
I'm a real science kind of guy.
I wasn't against it,
it's just that I didn't
have the time to do that.
I was in a very devout
science program,
and I had to support
myself through college,
so I had to work very
long, hard hours.
But when I did the experiences
with the regression,
and I had some of my own
epiphanies in my own life,
then it got me to
be very spiritual.
So now I have a much more
spiritual orientation to life.
>> SEAN: Yeah.
I mean, because it's just,
it strikes me as bizarre.
I know many doctors, and they
tend to sort of veer away
from the esoteric and
the spiritual side,
and they tend to be
very materialistic in
their approach, and rational.
>> GOLDBERG: Well, most
scientists and doctors tend
to be more atheistic.
I am a monotheist.
I believe in one God, OK, so
I apply it with the energy
because I'm dealing with energy.
Everything is energy-based.
So I do believe in a God
energy complex, you see,
and that's basically our soul
is a microcosm of the God energy
complex.
It's energy.
>> SEAN: So, in terms
of your practice,
your insights into these
other dimensions of reality,
basically, whether it's
the past or future,
this all is based on your
own experiences and work
in hypnotherapy.
>> GOLDBERG: Right.
I've taken patients into past
lives, into future lives,
and parallel lives.
I call that paragression.
So let me define some terms.
To go back in time, in this
life, it's age regression.
Into a past life, it's
past life regression.
If you go forward in
the future of this life,
its age progression.
If you go into a future life,
it's future life progression.
And if you explore a parallel
life in a parallel universe,
I call that paragression.
And I've done all these myself.
So everything I've done with
my patients, I've done myself.
Is perfectly safe.
There's no drugs or any
weird things involved.
And what it does is it creates
a form of psychic empowerment,
which is a way of taking
charge of your life
by using your
subconscious mind's
connection to the
perfect part of your soul
that we call the heart itself,
or the super conscious mind.
>> SEAN: I want to be the
devil's advocate for a second,
because I know many people that
would argue it's all within
the mind, as you say,
within the unconscious,
and the imagination, and
everything that we are
envisioning of past
lives and future events.
All this is basically just
the power of the mind.
How do you know, from someone
with a scientific background,
what would you argue to
say that that's the truth?
>> GOLDBERG: Well, let's go
back in time to my second book
called "The Search for Grace."
It was a documented case
of a past life regression
that was documented by CBS
and was made into a TV movie.
Now, the patient gave
me about 24 facts
which were corroborated
by the network.
But here is the problem.
Two of the facts that
the woman gave me--
the age in which she was
murdered at the time.
She was murdered in
Buffalo, New York in 1927--
was, she said she was
32 not looking forward
to a 33rd birthday.
The newspaper reports
all said age 30.
And the name of her
son she said was Cliff.
The newspaper reports said it
was Chester, Jr. Chester being
the husband.
As it turns out, she was right.
All the reporters were wrong.
And you can't get in to
New York's health records
without a paper trail going
through the Governor's Office
or the Chamber of Commerce.
So this is one of the
most documented cases
of the last century.
Now, is that the mind,
or is that reality?
And there are other cases
of documented cases.
Mine is one because it
was made into a movie.
But there are many other cases
that are fully documented,
so you can't make up
the documentation.
>> SEAN: Mm-hmm.
So in terms of the fifth
dimension that I referred to,
you describe that
as the astral plane.
What role does this fifth
dimension, or the astral plane,
play in our reality?
>> GOLDBERG: All right.
First, the fifth dimension
implies everything
beyond the earth plane, so let
me make it a little clearer.
Astral plane is
just one example.
That's what people
associate with because it's
the most common example.
But you have the astral,
the mental, the soul plane.
You have the etheric plane,
you have the causal plane.
So you have a whole
bunch of dimensions.
Length, width, and breadth
are the three dimensions
that our body is accustomed to.
>> SEAN: And time.
>> GOLDBERG: Time is the
fourth dimension that's used
for a mathematical model
by quantum physicists, OK?
And then anything beyond
time is the fifth dimension.
It also includes
parallel universes, OK?
And each dimension has a sound
and certain characteristics
that are relevant to it.
For example, if
you're out of the body
and you hear the
roar of the sea,
you're on the astral plane.
If you hear the
tinkling of bells,
like in a new age bookstore,
now you're on the causal plane
where the akashic
records are stored.
If you hear the sound
of running water,
you're on the mental plane.
And if you hear the
buzzing of bees,
you're on the etheric plane.
Or if you hear the
sound of a flute,
you're on the soul plane.
>> SEAN: I see.
And, again, that
brings the question--
What does that affect in
terms of those planes?
How are they affecting
our physical reality now?
>> GOLDBERG: OK.
When you go to sleep at night,
you go through the REM cycle.
It's a dream cycle.
It's an alpha brainwave.
The alpha is a
level of hypnosis,
so you're actually
out of the body
when you're dreaming at night.
So when you sleep for
seven or eight hours,
you're going to
spend three hours--
this is medical studies now.
This is hard science now.
We've known this since the 1950s
when we discovered the four
brainwaves-- you spend
three hours out of the body
into the fifth dimension.
The question is--
Where do you go?
Most people, because they
don't know what they're doing,
or because they're
arguing with their wife,
or they're worrying
about problems,
or because they
had too many drugs,
they go to the
lower astral plane.
That's a very bad neighborhood.
>> SEAN: Like hell?
>> GOLDBERG: Well, except
you can get out of it.
>> SEAN: Yeah.
>> GOLDBERG: So
it's like purgatory.
>> SEAN: Purgatory, OK.
>> GOLDBERG: Whereas, if you
use the techniques I describe
in psychic protection techniques
and more positive things,
you can leave through the crown
chakra not through the third
chakra, which will take
you to the lower astral.
If you go to the crown chakra,
which is where you want to go,
now you go to the
upper astral plane,
or the causal, mental,
etherical, even soul plane.
Those are all
positive dimensions.
The only two negative dimensions
are the lower astral plane,
and this one.
You get a lot of problems here.
But the other dimensions
are all positive.
So, therefore, you can
psychically empower yourself,
take charge of your life,
increase your confidence level,
increase your immune system
if you have medical problems.
You can do what I call
astral negotiation.
Let's say you have a problem
with somebody on the earth
plane.
You can summon their soul to the
astral plane in the sanctuary,
the upper astral plane, and you
can work out the differences
with them.
And then when they wake
up the following morning,
they don't know what's going
on, but all of a sudden
they have a different
attitude towards you.
>> SEAN: Pretty cool.
>> GOLDBERG: It's
very interesting.
It's an ancient
technique, by the way.
I Westernized it in my work.
>> SEAN: It's fascinating.
And many people are familiar
with past life regressions,
obviously, but when it comes
to future life progressions,
that's more mysterious.
Just explain to us,
A, how does it work?
And, essentially, are you
sure that people are actually
moving into their future
lives through your work?
>> GOLDBERG: OK.
So let's talk about--
You have to understand
the concept of future life
progressoin.
You can't document it
because they are hundreds
of years in the future.
So let me show you how
I developed the field
on a more scientific level.
I did age progression first.
So here's an example of a
woman I worked with in 1996.
You'll see why it's relevant.
Her name, I call her
Tammy, not her real name,
and she graduated from
college in New York City,
and she came out to
LA to work with me.
She had seen the movie
"The Search for Grace,"
the TV movie, a
few years before,
and she wanted to
go out of the body.
Now, when you go
out of the body,
you're in the
space-time continuum,
which means you can see past,
present, and future events all
occurring simultaneously.
Even parallel lives.
So she's a great patient.
She's seeing things that
occur a day or two in advance,
like a psychic, and
they're coming true.
So now she goes
home, she's all done.
She calls me at the end of
June, 1996, and she goes,
Doctor, this is Tammy.
I've got an emergency.
And I said, Tammy, I
retired from dentistry
to get away from that.
What's going on?
And she said, I did your
techniques, and I saw myself--
I'm going to go to
Europe and Paris
the last half of the
summer to spend time,
and then I'm going
to graduate school.
And I said, OK, She goes, I
see myself taking off from JFK.
The plane goes up, immediately
crashes, everybody dies.
What do I do?
And I said, Tammy, I don't
want to run your life.
Change your flight
plans, and call me
at the end of the summer.
She calls me at the
end of the summer.
She was going to go
on TWA Flight 800.
July 17, 1996, TWA Flight 800
left JFK, New York, went up,
crashed.
230 people died.
All plane crash, all
passengers, all crew.
She would have been 231.
So, I didn't save
her life, she did.
The point is, now,
that's age progression.
That's documentation, OK?
So now we go into the future.
So let me give you
a good example.
I was working with a
psychologist years ago.
He had a hand
washing compulsion.
He was very neurotic.
In other words, if
you shake his hands,
he has to go in the
bathroom and wash his hands.
Washing his hands
50 times a day.
And he was very unhappy.
The things that
haunted him in his life
was the number eight
and the name Teresa.
I did a bunch of past
life regressions,
and a woman named Teresa would
kill him in the past life
and turn him into
the government,
or all kinds of problems.
The number eight, he
was born in August.
His grandmother, who
he was very close with,
died in the month of
August a few years prior.
So I take him into
the future life,
and he's a nuclear technician
in Tulsa, Oklahoma,
in the year 2088.
Note the eights, OK?
It's August of 2088.
He's in the plant, and
he's like a technician,
and it's late at night, and he
has a psychological meltdown.
He just goes very neurotic
and goes ballistic.
Puts all the
buttons on meltdown.
Causes a major meltdown
in Tulsa, Oklahoma.
He dies, and a whole
bunch of other people die.
So he comes back,
he says, Doctor,
how does that solve my problem?
And I said, let's go into
the other parallel universe.
That's just one.
So I take him into
the other frequencies,
or parallel universes.
The one that's ideal, he's
a nuclear scientist, not
a technician.
It's August of 2088.
He's perfectly stable
psychologically.
He goes to the end of
August, no meltdown.
>> SEAN: So what you're saying
is that there is different
timelines, essentially, or
parallel, potential futures,
right?
Are there also potential pasts?
>> GOLDBERG: Yes, of course.
There's always timelines.
But let me just
complete the thought.
So this psychologist overcame
the hand washing compulsion
because of the
healing techniques
accompanying the
parallel universe scans.
I call this the
New You technique,
where you can see all
the various universes.
Yes, the past also has
parallel universes.
We always have
This is called
the brane theory--
B-R-A-N-E. Quantum physicists
will talk about it, like,
membrane.
That's what they call that.
So how far, how close is the
nearest parallel universe
to us?
In August of 2000,
"Scientific American"
did a feature article on--
you know, they do a
topic every month--
and their topic was
parallel universes.
The closest sister universe is
less than a millimeter away.
That's 1/26 of an inch.
that's how close they are.
>> SEAN: But a completely
different vibration.
We can't see it.
>> GOLDBERG: Right.
You have the same
physical appearance,
but the events are different.
So let's go back to my
little TV movie thing.
Back in 1994, I was
working with CBS.
And the writer of
the teleplay they
call that, the script
for a TV movie.
He was a good friend of mine,
and he called me up and said,
the movie is not going to air.
The network is not
going to authorize it.
And he's really upset
because he wants it to air.
So do I.
So I said, I'll fix it.
He says, they don't
want to hear from you.
This is the network
that doesn't want it.
I said, I'm not going
to talk to the network.
I'm going to do one
of my techniques.
So I did my scan of the
different frequencies.
We called them five
major parallel universes.
The one that I was
in, it didn't air.
But the one that I saw that
I found ideal, it did air.
And not only did it air, but
a lot of people in my life
came into my life that I didn't
know and had no control over,
and so I switched tracks myself.
This is what I
train people to do.
Guess what.
May 17, 1994, "The Search
for Grace" aired on CBS.
So, in other words,
I'm an example
of switching a universe
to another universe.
>> SEAN: So it strikes me that
what you're saying is that
our soul is basically
being affected constantly
by our past, future, as
well as parallel realities.
>> GOLDBERG: Right.
You have to look at the soul
as electromagnetic radiation,
like a TV signal
or a cell phone.
These are all
electromagnetic radiation.
Most radiation in the
universe is electromagnetic.
It's harmful.
So the soul is an
alpha brainwave.
You also have a higher self.
So on these parallel
universes, you're
going to have what
I call subsouls.
They have different
evolutionary paths,
but you have one higher self.
So what I do with my
patients in the technique
I developed many years ago
called the Superconscious Mind
Tap is I train the patient to
connect with the higher self
and raise the quality
of their souls.
>> SEAN: You could
even compare it.
An analogy, I can
imagine, is this is me.
But at the cellular
level, my cells
are having different deaths and
reversing different processes
taking place.
That would look like the
subsoul level of reality, right?
>> GOLDBERG: Except, these
are different universes now.
The thing is, that when
you connect with the higher
self in the
Superconscious Mind Tap,
you raise the what I call
frequency vibrational rate.
Think of it as an
energy immune system.
So now you can be immune to the
issues that you were previously
vulnerable to, and that's how
people can overcome habits
and phobias and bad
relationships and insecurities
and all the things that
they want to overcome.
And once you raise
the energy, there's
universal laws that say
you can't lower it again.
So all you can do
is either plateau
or go up to a higher level.
And that's what ascension
is eventually about--
perfecting the soul.
>> SEAN: Perfecting the soul.
And I have to ask you,
speaking of the ascension
process and the future.
I mean, you've interviewed
thousands of people.
You've worked with
them on hypnotherapy
of future life progressions.
What can you tell us about
what the future holds for us?
>> GOLDBERG: Well, the
future is very positive.
Once we get beyond
this century, we're
going to have a much
brighter future.
People are going to
be working less hours.
They're going to
be very spiritual.
And in the 31st century,
that's when time travel
will be actually discovered.
And time travels
from our future,
that I call chrononauts,
come back in time,
and they have
actually interacted
with our civilization.
For example, the
first time traveler
was a man named Taatos--
T-A-A-T-O-S. He lived
in the 31st century.
He came back with a crew named
Geb, Isis, Osiris, and Horus,
and they went back
to ancient Egypt.
And we all know they
were worship as gods, OK?
And they actually
have, you might say,
advised us in our
technological growth.
Because when you
think of society,
we have the same raw
materials on this planet
that we've had for 10,000 years.
We've had some brilliant
people in history.
In ancient Greece,
Archimedes, 2,300 years ago.
Why didn't we develop cell
phones then, or satellites,
or nuclear power?
Because there's a lot of ET
and time travel connections
that are more recent,
and that's why
we get these extra intonations.
Time travelers actually
communicate with us
in our sleep.
Did you know that 80% of
scientific discoveries
and artistic breakthroughs
occur in the dream levels?
>> SEAN: Of course.
Yeah
>> GOLDBERG: And that's when
time travelers communicate.
>> SEAN: They wake people
with the aha moment.
>> GOLDBERG: The aha moment.
Right.
>> SEAN: So, in terms of
Egypt, assuming that they went
to ancient Egypt and were
involved in the building
of pyramids and
things like this.
I'm sure that the
time travelers have
traveled to all types of
points of our history.
Are they coming here now?
>> GOLDBERG: Yeah,
they're here now.
But see, they won't
just go on CNN or the UN
because there are men in black,
and they will take them out.
Some of them are
government agents.
Some of them are ETs.
They work for the
Air Force, and they
don't like the concept
of ETs or time travelers.
The government does not want
you to know that they are here.
And I think the reason being is
because the government does not
want you to know
that the reason why
we have all our technology,
our advanced technology,
is due to these futuristic
time travelers, and maybe
some of the ETs, rather than
your tax dollars at work
with the government, you see.
So there's that
self-interest involved.
The government is very paranoid
about the exposures of ETs.
They've always tried to bad
mouth them with disinformation
and deny everything, regardless
of the evidence involved.
>> SEAN: What have you
discovered in terms of--
you say the time travelers are
sometimes being intercepted.
But what is the
essential mission
of what they're doing
when they come back here?
And how is it that, ultimately,
if our future is bright,
the government doesn't
foil them, obviously?
>> GOLDBERG: No.
They hang around
the fifth dimension.
When they're in the
fifth dimension-- like,
think of the astral
plane as an example--
the government can't
tell where they are.
They can't do anything to them.
It's only when they
come to the earth plane
that they can actually
do something to them.
So they hang around the fifth
dimension, interact with us
in our sleep level,
our dream levels.
And the purpose
is to help us grow
spiritually here because
they're us in the future.
So if we mess up this planet
and our growth as a soul,
then they're going
to be affected.
It's sort of like Michael J.
Fox in the "Back to the Future"
part when his hands
were disappearing
because the parents
aren't meeting, you know?
That kind of thing.
So they have a vested
interest in our growth,
so they're very spiritual.
Now, the ones that aren't
spiritual are some of the ETs,
like the Greys, the
Reptilians, and what
we call the Lyran race.
They're not on our side.
Whereas the Pleiadians
and the Sirians are.
They definitely have
been our protectors
throughout the history
of this planet, at least
the last half a million years.
>> SEAN: Mm-hmm.
You mentioned the
Pleiadians as being
gatekeepers to the
fifth dimension.
They monitor portals and
other dimensions, essentially.
So what is it, essentially?
Are they our future selves?
I mean, why is it that the
Pleiadians and others are more
interested in protecting
us, whereas the Reptilians
and others are not?
>> GOLDBERG: The Pleiades,
they come from a different
constellation.
They're not us.
Although, technically, we all
have extraterrestrial genetics
because there's been
an intermingling
with the Lyrans, the Sirians,
the Pleiades, with our humans,
with our primitive humans,
for thousands and hundreds
of thousands of years.
So we all have ET genetics
if you do the math on this
or do the haploid samples, OK?
Now, the Pleiadians,
they're just very peaceful.
They're Caucasian.
They're about 5
and 1/2 feet tall.
They got blonde
hair and blue eyes.
And they look like us, OK?
So if you saw a Pleiadian,
you wouldn't even
know they were an
ET because they
don't look like the Grey would.
They are our protectors.
They have actually helped
us from being manipulated
by the ones that were trying to
dominate us, like the Lyrans.
Definitely, they're
the big ones, OK?
And so they have
been our protectors.
So they're gatekeepers of--
See, you can actually
slingshot across the universe
by going through wormholes.
And we don't want some of the
real nasty ones coming in here,
so the Pleiadians
try to protect us
so the Reptilians and
some of the others
don't keep on coming in here.
You don't hear a lot of
report about Reptilians.
Number one, they're
cannibalistic,
so they eat their mistakes.
But, secondly, the Pleiadians
try to prevent them
from coming in here.
>> SEAN: Let me ask you--
What is the interest in humans?
Why do these alien--
or you mention
that we have alien
DNA and whatnot--
but what is the interest
from the different aliens'
perspective of the human race?
What is our potential
within the galaxy?
>> GOLDBERG: Well, we are
a member of the universe,
and we are obviously
growing technologically.
They've actually
helped us with that.
So we're going to be part
of their team, in a way.
We're going to be going
into other planets,
terraforming other
planets, so they
want to make sure we're
not a bunch of barbarians.
They don't want this to
be the Visigoths going on
in ancient Rome, you know?
They want us to be cool.
And if you ever
study the history
of UFOs, how there were times
when UFO attacks would be on,
like when nuclear
missiles were going up,
and they were trying to
prevent the nuclear power
mentality so that we
don't kill each other off.
So they're looking upon us
almost like we look upon, say,
tagging a dolphin in the ocean.
Where they're pets, so to speak.
I say pets.
Where they're ingenues.
They're trying to
help us grow as a soul
so that we can join
the Federation.
How's that?
>> SEAN: The Federation.
So that brings us
to the question of--
How much 3D karma
can we actually clear
using the future life
progression techniques?
>> GOLDBERG: Well, first of
all, you can avoid problems
in the future, like Tammy with
the craft and not dying on TWA
Flight 800.
You can learn more
about yourself.
And you can empower yourself
by connecting with your higher
self.
And, most importantly,
with the parallel universe,
with the New You technique,
you can actually--
even if push comes to shove--
switch tracks.
But even if you
don't do that, you
can connect with
your higher self,
which accesses the
akashic records, which
gives you information.
And, then, as you
access your higher self,
you can raise the quality of
the soul's rate, the frequency
vibrational rate.
Become more what I call
psychically empowered, taking
charge of your
life, and therefore
bettering yourself and
lessening the karmic cycle.
The whole purpose
of being here is
to ascend and get out of here.
>> SEAN: It does
raise the question--
Doesn't our whole
soul family have
to be involved in the ascension?
Is it possible for me,
as an individual self,
to leave if my soul family
is not at that level?
>> GOLDBERG: Soul families do
not ascend to the same time.
It's very rare.
Now, you might have a
soul meet a twin flame,
like the female version
or the male version
of the same oversoul,
we call that.
That's fine.
But if your parents, or your
significant people in your life
that had been together with
maybe a dozen past lives,
we call that the soul family.
By the way, they don't have
to be genetically related
in past lives too.
They can just be-- the
soul doesn't have sex.
It's just energy.
You will not all ascend
to the same time.
You all have an individual
karmic cycle, you see?
So you may be more
advanced or less
than the people in
your soul family.
But the only ones
that ascend together
are the twin flame or the
actual true soul mate.
>> SEAN: So, for example,
if I clear my karma,
even if my father or
mother or my ancestors
haven't necessarily
done that work,
that's not going to
hinder my progression.
>> GOLDBERG: No.
The only thing that
hinders your progression
is you, and your
experiences, and what you
allow into your life.
See, one of the problems people
have in life, with my patients,
they deal with victimization.
It's a major issue.
They don't stand
up for themselves.
They let people take
advantage of them,
whether it's a husband and
wife relationship, child
relationship, or their
employers, whatever.
And, to me, I teach
them how to confront--
it's not an argument,
it's confrontation--
to prevent victimization,
and then to rise above it.
So you need to do that.
You can't play defense.
You have to take
charge of your life
and send out the
energy to attract
less and less of the
negative people in your life.
Because with the
law of attraction,
the energy you send
out is what you get.
So if you empower
yourself, you're
going to have a much better
life and a lot less problems
to deal with.
>> SEAN: Absolutely.
So, if, in your research,
we have parallel selves that
are actually living
on earth, is this
like a twin or a doppelganger?
>> GOLDBERG: OK.
So let's separate parallel
selves from a parallel life.
A parallel life is going to
the different frequencies,
the parallel universes.
>> SEAN: Sure.
>> GOLDBERG: OK?
All right.
So those are you, the
same genetic makeup,
in different universes.
A parallel self
is your soul, not
your genetic body, occupying
more than one person
in this time frame.
>> SEAN: In this time frame.
>> GOLDBERG: So let me
give you an example.
So, years ago, I
worked with a salesman
from Baltimore, Maryland.
He used to go to Cincinnati,
Ohio, on his little thing
here, right?
So he says, Doctor, I
want to do a regression.
OK.
So I take him into what I
thought was a past life.
As it turns out, he's a woman
living in Cleveland, Ohio,
in the same time frame.
He gets her name,
address, telephone number.
He says, what the heck is this?
And I said, look,
you're a salesman.
Why don't you call her the next
time you're in Cincinnati--
it's only a few hours away--
and why don't you meet her?
Use your personality.
So he does.
So he reports to me
that she meets him.
And I said, so, how did it go?
He goes, it's the
weirdest experience
I've had in my entire life.
We were like the same person.
That was his parallel self.
>> SEAN: So it
wasn't a twin flame?
>> GOLDBERG: No, it was
simply his soul splitting
and occupying two different
bodies that were genetically
different, they're not
related family-wise,
in the same parallel universe.
>> SEAN: This strikes
me when I hear people--
Many people have said, I'm
Mary Magdalene, I'm Cleopatra.
I mean, isn't it possible
that that soul energy was
so powerful, it did shatter
into dozens of people?
>> GOLDBERG: Well, yes you can.
This is the parallel
self analogy.
I mean, whether it's
a historical figure,
a celebrity, as we say, or
whether it's an average Joe
or Jane, the soul can split.
Remember, if you
take a beam of light
and you put a piece of
wood in front of it,
it's going to split.
You're not going to
lose any photons.
The law of the conservation
of matter and energy.
But you can split.
The soul is
electromagnetic radiation.
It's pure energy.
Not perfect energy,
but pure energy.
So, yes, of course,
it can split.
And parallel selves is an
example of it splitting.
>> SEAN: By the way,
just out of curiosity,
have you seen this thing about
celebrity time travelers?
They have these
great photographs,
that people can
look at on YouTube,
and there's pictures of
Jay-Z in the 1920s in Harlem.
>> GOLDBERG: Yeah,
I've seen those.
>> SEAN: Like Brad Pitt and
Nick Cage and all these guys,
and Stallone looks just like
one of the Popes, right?
Sylvester Stallone.
What do you think about that?
>> GOLDBERG: Well, you
understand, as a doctor,
I have to use my
genetic background.
The gene pool that we have,
OK, it wouldn't be impossible.
There's an old theory
that says, everybody
has a doppelganger
or somebody who
looks just like you
around the world sometime.
So going back in time and
having some celebrity who
looks like a current
person now does not
mean that that was
their past life.
It could just be
the genetic pool.
OK.
So that's where you
have to figure that in.
>> SEAN: It's pretty
uncanny, though.
>> GOLDBERG: It is.
It's very interesting.
>> SEAN: The resemblances.
>> GOLDBERG: It's
a lot of fun too.
>> SEAN: Could it
be a past life?
>> GOLDBERG: It could be.
Sure it is.
Like, for example, the
late Ian Stevenson,
who did a lot of work with
reincarnation over the years.
He was a professor emeritus
at the University of Virginia.
He found out that,
let's say somebody
gets stabbed in a past life.
The marking on a current-life
person, when they reincarnate,
would be in the
exact same location.
>> SEAN: Sure.
>> GOLDBERG: So that's a mark
that can carry over into a past
life?
Why can't the genetic tendency
from a person hundreds of years
ago carry over now?
Most people do not reincarnate
in the same genetic line,
though.
I've done 35,000 of them.
Very few people stay in
the same genetic line.
>> SEAN: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
So what do you consider to be
the main objective of the work
that you're doing?
>> GOLDBERG: What I'm trying
to do is to empower people
psychically.
So what I want them
to do is overcome
what I call self-defeating
sequences, forms
of self-sabotage.
Allow them to perceive
past and future lives,
if they're interested,
to learn more
about themselves, their karmic
purpose, as I call that.
And, of course,
ascension training,
to allow them to constantly
work out their karma
so that eventually the
balance sheet is zero,
and then they could rejoin
the God energy complex
and not have to reincarnate.
The average person
watching the show today
has had probably
1,000 past lives.
That is not impressive.
You want to have
as few as possible,
and you want to get out of here.
>> SEAN: [CHUCKLES]
Very well said.
Dr. Goldberg, thank you
so much for joining me.
>> GOLDBERG: My pleasure.
>> SEAN: And that's all
the time we have for this
week's "Buzzsaw."
To further your understanding
of Dr. Goldberg's amazing work
and understanding of
the fifth dimension,
go to drbrucegoldberg.com.
I'm your host, Sean Stone.
And remember, you
are the revolution.
[THEME MUSIC]